there's growing concern on the
international stage amid faltering
ceasefire talks that war will spread
Beyond Gaza despite mounting criticism
that it is Israel's government that
appears to have been stalling the United
States called on Hamas to accept its
latest ceasefire proposal thank you
prime minister Netanyahu confirmed that
Israel accepts the bridging proposal
that the United States Qatar and Egypt
put forward last week the proposal is
consistent with the principles outlined
by President Biden in May 2024 and that
this Council endorsed in resolution
2735 and this Builds on areas of
agreement from talks convened in Doha
last week but Russia accused the United
States of changing its
terms the security Council never blessed
the deal formulated in this way and why
when you call upon all of us to exert
pressure exclusively on Hamas leadership
to make sure that the movement accepts
Israeli whim you consistently refuse to
work with Western Jerusalem which
critically depends on you for weapon
supplies is this something that
well-intentioned and impartial mediators
do unfortunately conflict isn't the only
thing that's spreading the polio virus
is now circulating in the occupied
territories prompting concerns of an
outbreak of this preventable paralyzing
disease 50,000 Palestinian children born
since the start of the conflict have not
been vaccinated the World Health
Organization and UNICEF have 1.6 million
doses ready to distribute but Aid
agencies say it is impossible under the
current
conditions let us be clear we should not
need negotiations or special permissions
to bring in life-saving medical supplies
for civilians humanitarians and Medical
Teams like my own should not spend
almost a year pleading for the rules of
War to be upheld by parties to the
conflict a letter signed by 28
organizations says they'll need at least
7 days with no fighting to administer
the first dose to children but also
called for a permanent
ceasefire Kristen salumi Al jaaz the
United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer